c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\IOControl.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\IOControl.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\IOControl.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.exe.licenses
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.IOInsertData.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\Entity.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\bin\Debug\Entity.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.LogConfig.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.LogInsertOrEditData.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.MonitorPara.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IOControl\IOControl\obj\Debug\IOControl.MonitorParaInsertOrEditData.resources
